# Is it real?

## Overview
Currently several images are being created by AI and it is becoming increasingly difficult to know which images are real or not, that is why this application was created, to help you to know if the image is real or generated by AI.

This project consists of a deep learning model that classifies images as either real or generated by AI. It is built using PyTorch, a popular machine learning library for Python.

## Project Structure
The project is organized into several key files:

* model.py: Defines the neural network architecture (a convolutional neural network).
* dataset.py: Contains the CustomDataset class for handling the image dataset.
* train.py: Contains the logic to train the model using the dataset.
* predict.py: Contains a function to predict whether a given image is real or AI-generated using the trained model.

## Setup
### Prerequisites
* Python 3.x
* PyTorch and torchvision
* PIL (Python Imaging Library)

To install the required Python packages, you can use the following command:
```
pip install torch torchvision Pillow
```

## Installation
Clone this repository to your local machine:
```
git clone [URL_of_This_Repo]
```
Navigate to the cloned directory:
```
cd [Path_to_Repo]
```
Add the images for the correct folders, and set the right path for the image to be tested.

## Training the Model
To train the model, run the train.py script. You need to have a dataset of real and AI-generated images organized in separate directories.
```
python train.py
```
Ensure that the paths to the image directories (real_dir and fake_dir) in train.py are correctly set to your dataset.

## Running
To run the application you must run the main.py file after training the model.
```
python main.py
```
